it's time to see a real talk-show host
two years two very long years ago our
first guest left us to fend for
ourselves but he is back thank goodness
with a new show on Netflix in a very
furry face on Sunday he will receive the
Mark Twain prize at the Kennedy Center
please welcome David Letterman
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you for being here I'm so excited
to be here it's so good to see famous
people again just to be out of the house
and Paul you didn't tell me you work
here now that was afraid to tell you I
don't want to tell you that's Brittany
he goes by Brittany now that's what I
understand how are you doing and thank
you and thank you everybody it's very
how are you doing
I'll tell you something you're looking
at a man who's laughing on the outside
crying on the inside I I don't know if
you've had this problem for a year I
have been looking high and low I am
determined to find a shirt that looks
good untucked I can't find them I think
there's a website to be that hard is
this suit you're wearing from the Late
Show or is this something you had to go
out and get on your own none of your
business sure you know you know me I'm a
celebrity yeah and and when stuff
happens like a you just give you an
example I'm gonna start slow by the way
many many many years ago my niece got
married and so you know when you're
getting married you want like a big
thing in a honeymoon and a rehearsal
dinner and all that crap and in presence
so I thought long and hard I said I got
to get big impressive presence because I
have the top star of the day and so I
figured it out and it's you get a set of
tires
and you wrap them up individually so you
have four enormous gift and they're
their tires and so I thought well this
is fantastic you know my work is done
here who cares if they want them or if
they use them and and then I think one
time because you're in show business and
you would get the joke I sent you
ties yeah well I didn't take it as a
joke and in fact I am wearing one of
that's an ID that you say that one
should have gone out that's a good guy I
would give this back to you you sent me
a few days after you left the Late Show
that's right box of what appeared to be
all of your ties that's that you're
exactly correct and I was quite
delighted by that I'm happy see that's
how it's suppose I still am delighted
and and one time my agent years and
years ago his son was having a Bar
Mitzvah send him a carton of cigarettes
now let's break it it's only a it's only
a joke I mean that's all you understand
the kid understood it everybody so a
couple years ago when I I was either
fired or I retired I think it's all a
blur now and and people were mindlessly
saying nice things about me you were
effusive yes yeah and by the way for the
purpose of this conversation I have
nothing but the highest regard for all
of the talk-show men and women even even
Jimmy Fallon Hollinger
that's they yeah so and people were
saying nice things so I sent you the
Tyson and Conan O'Brien who is like some
sort of God on Mount Olympus because I
know he runs around telling people he
went to Harvard we don't know
so he goes on my old show this even
Colbert show on Friday yeah so now he
had said something he wrote something
that was just beautiful palty remember
that the thing with the Conan wrote for
you yeah no I don't remember
I haven't anigh Thanh Jimi show he's
talking to an ageing vagrant so if you
were guide it was yeah that's right so
so anyway Conan this beautiful thing and
I thought oh this is the perfect
opportunity to send a show business gift
so I thought you know what I'll do I'll
send him a horse because I know in
Hollywood you can get livestock and
stuff for shows things like and I get a
couple of cowboys and I'll send him out
of horse and and the idea will be that
the horse he'll have the horse on the
show and the horse will take a dump on
the show and it'll be hilarious is it
that he'll air it is hilarious to
somebody a horse yeah so so like two or
three days later I realize oh no things
have gone terribly wrong because I get
this warm lovely letter back from Conan
saying my wife loves the horse and she's
going to keep the horse because she's an
equestrian I'm Presbyterian are you
Jewish no
[Applause]
one guy so so now I'm screwed because I
was counting on him return on the horse
and I get my money back can you return a
horse is this oh yeah yeah yeah it's a
terrible discount but you can return and
so I don't hear anything about it tell
Conan shows up on the The Late Show
that I used to be on with the Stephen
Colbert and now he's he's like he's lost
his mind did you see I did see it I
watch but it was like a crazy man not
only did I see it he complained to me
personal but it's none of your business
I would have completely of the horse Oh
like it's my fault well you did send him
the horse in all fairness yep it was a
joke take a dump on the stage load him
up get him back that's what it was
guilty doors knew what he was supposed
to do not my problem so now I didn't see
it but from what I infer what people are
talking about is Conan just a just will
not shut up about the horse and and that
that horse has gone crazy something
happened the the you know maybe it's
being around Conan all day I don't know
the horse is said to be unraidable well
of course he's unraidable all he had to
do was take a dump on the stage so now
he's complaining like there may be
litigation and and maybe I'll get a call
from PETA and he apparently broke into
Conan's mansion did you hear this part
the horse broke into his man into his
man dad I didn't hear one of Conan's
servants was kicked in the hell really
oh oh boy that's no good no that's no
good so if you run into Kony and how
crazy can the horse be horses can be
crazy you know he's not a I don't
want to defend Conan bottom line sounds
like you are defending me the better
gift is what I'm saying I mean look at
this it's not kicking anybody in the
head
money yes the sake of this if I had sent
you the horse right there would be none
of this oh my wife loves that we're
keeping the horse yeah I wouldn't he's
got a half acre in Studio City what it
words he or is he gonna keep a damn
horse
I think that's the question he was
asking yeah at the point is no good deed
goes unpunished and also you know what
when in doubt and edible arrangement is
a nice gift for when you in the Metro
David Letterman is here with us
[Applause]
[Music]
in the guest chair Obon again but I'm
here but everybody here used to work for
me
yeah right right it's very very strange
it's like how did I end up without a
front you're more than welcome to have
this no no no I was shown well you we'd
be down a Jimmy yeah tell me a little
bit about the Netflix show if if you
would is this will there be a studio
audience for the show you're good you
can't say you know what they do like you
you got a movie like what would be
spider-man alright so you call them up
at the they got a warehouse somewhere
mm-hmm and somebody goes through the
esses they find spider-man I get the
disc they put it in an envelope with
your name on it
and they shoot the son of a right
yeah Netflix isn't doing that anymore
there's a whole I don't know anything
about it increases the possibility of
electrocution in your own home do you
have a title for the show no but we're
we're looking for interesting guests
you'll never guess yes I hope you ask
Howard Stern to be a guest on yeah I
think he'd be good don't you think I
think he'd be great the thing I like
about this he seems to be nervous about
it and any time you can get Howard to be
nervous I think you've accomplished
something you mention that you would
welcome Donald Trump and the Pope and
Pope Francis on the show would that be
together or would that be separate I'll
tell you who we got you know that
commercial where the guy saw is a
rowboat in half yeah and and then he
with some kind of sealant he puts it
back together
we got his we got here got it brother
oh wow that's bad we're all set to go
this Mark Twain prize that's happening
at Kennedy Center on Sunday are you
feeling more comfortable now
no cepting accolade no you know it's a
it's a fixed fight it's you just they
gotta have somebody show up and and I'm
not doing anything so I said I'll be
there and by the way thank you for your
participation thank you for asking me I
would have been devastated if you hadn't
I almost feel like you asked me because
you knew how upset I would be if I was
excluded from this event that's right
that's true yeah yeah I am you're not
thinking about that what this network
yeah eventually sure we're how long have
you been here I've been almost 15 years
it'll be 15 years in January
no I wouldn't think it's time to go what
you're right where you want to be now I
guess so
do you feel like you miss it
some parts no I don't I miss I miss
wearing makeup yeah well that's the best
Paul do you like the band or not that's
a terrific band and we go we get to wear
makeup and play music we have it made up
here yeah you how do you think the old
band feels seeing you up there with new
guys absolutely pissed I heard you say
that you feel like you're an entirely
different person I'm a bit of a
different person it was I mean thank God
because the great struggle in life is to
be better each and every day and if you
take a look around the horizon of
humanity it's my god is there anything
we can do big or small to make the life
of just one person a little bit better
and that's no small accomplishment
but anyway I'm profiling through what
life after being was I fired or retired
that today no money they're hired here
apparently retired there was a whole
thing there was a show everyone paid by
oh that's right whoever haven't ever
seen any of that since you know have you
seen a moment of yourself on television
know if it came on would you I'm not
gonna watch this show tonight to me do
you watch yourself I never ever ever
I never when I see myself I change the
channel
ya know it's it's too awful I was in
Colorado and I'm lost I'm hopelessly
lost and I see a thing it's a coffee
shop but not a coffee shop it's like you
know beams and things or whatever they
call it
right so I remember seeing that on my
drive in from the airport so I know I'm
in the general vicinity of the airport
yeah so I walk in just I'm not wearing a
suit but I'm clothed and and I and I
know I bring this on myself because of
the the beard and and well you have a
beard yourself thank you people are
people on you all the time about shaving
no they like mine
it's tempting you know that all right I
look like a civil war statute there's
talk you might get removed well I was I
have been removed so I heard that Paul
it's not fun
so I go into the store and I said can
I'm lost I'm looking for the airport and
she says oh sure it's tearing this now
semaphore how nice it just jot down some
instructions sure be happy to so she
writes it out you go down here a half a
mile it's gonna be Anderson Street you
turn right on Anderson Street then you
go to deep valley or some Colorado name
and then you go to time Valley and all
the way up to ski hill and so I'm
looking at him and and she's got lights
and speed limits and it's a wonderful
bit of diagramming and a lovely young
woman and I said oh this is fantastic
thank you you've saved my life and I
said no how long will this take me to
get there and she looks at me and I'm
like this more or less and she says are
you walking I'm walking to the airport I
Dave I just I'm so grateful for your
being here tonight I do have something
for you oh please I hope you have a
little something for you it'll do the
game available today oh I don't want to
have it outside I know I think you'll
like
it's a baby bowl
[Music]
it's a baby boy he's been wandering
Brooklyn and now he's all yours I got
all taken hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever